de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$dimen
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$array
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$xml
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$plurals
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$color
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$bool
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$mipmap
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$drawable
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$layout
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr
de.blinkt.openvpn.R
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$style
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$id
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int management_socket_closed
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int basic
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int custom_connection_options
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsDividerColor
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int translationby
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int channel_description_userreq
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int remote_warning
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$color: int accent
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int connectretrymaxmessage
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int permission_icon_app
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$drawable: int ic_menu_archive
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int loading
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int weakmd
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int generated_config
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ab_persist_tun_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_system_dialog_xposed
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int data_in
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int baterry_consumption
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr: int pstsIndicatorHeight
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int remove_connection_entry
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int volume_kbyte
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int no
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int imported_from_file
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int change_sorting
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int add_remote
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$color: int rot
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int use_pull
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int allowed_vpn_apps_info
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int file_icon
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int persistent_tun_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int graph
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr: int pstsDividerPadding
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int import_log
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$color: int ic_launcher_background
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int app
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_duplicate_notification
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int using_proxy
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int configure
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int debug_build
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$layout: int import_as_config
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_wait
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ignored_pushed_routes
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int override_dns
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int apprest_ver
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int pkcs12pwquery
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int location
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$mipmap: int banner_tv
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int getproxy_error
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int random_host_prefix
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int converted_profile
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ipv4_dialog_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int screenoff_pause
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int add
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int qs_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int appbehaviour
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$id: int password
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int avghour
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int vpnselected
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_vpndialog43_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int apprest_ovpn_desc
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int file_explorer_tab
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int defaultport
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int title_activity_open_sslspeed
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_auth
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int FileSelectLayout_showClear
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int owner_fix
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int show_log_summary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int import_from_as
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$id: int show_password
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int userpw_file
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int clearappsdialog
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int menu_use_inline_data
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsDividerPadding
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int import_vpn
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int permission_revoked
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ab_secondary_users
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$drawable: int ic_stat_vpn_outline
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int default_route_summary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int notifcation_title_notconnect
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int pkcs12_file_encryption_key
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int file_select
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int allowed_apps
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ab_kitkat_mss_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int client_certificate_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int tls_direction
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int local_ip_info
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_get_config
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int timestamps
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int mssfix_dialogtitle
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int route_not_cidr
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int send_minidump_summary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int cancel_connection
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int missing_ca_certificate
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int owner_fix_summary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int custom_routes_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int openssl_cipher_name
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ip_not_cidr
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int start_vpn_ticker
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ignore_multicast_route
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsTextAlpha
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int netchange
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int no_certificate
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$layout: int launchvpn
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int thanks_for_donation
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$mipmap: int ic_launcher
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ipv6
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int use_system_proxy
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int as_servername
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int importing_config
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int importpkcs12fromconfig
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int missing_certificates
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int restart_vpn_after_change
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int timestamps_none
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$array: int crm_entries
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int auth_username
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$array: int tls_directions_values
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int tls_authentication
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int tls_key_auth
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int tls_auth_file
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int tls_settings
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int prompt
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int custom_routes_title_excluded
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int float_summary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int enableproxyauth
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int bits_per_second
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_security
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$plurals: int minutes_left
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int import_could_not_open
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_screenoff
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ip_add_error
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int info_from_server
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int pw_request_dialog_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int openvpn
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int gbits_per_second
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int vpn_import_hint
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int connectretrywait
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int custom_route_message_excluded
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int error_rsa_sign
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int advanced
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int tls_cipher_alert_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int chipher_dialog_message
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$id: int save_password
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_connected
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int permission_description
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int qs_connect
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int running_test
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$bool: int logSildersAlwaysVisible
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int unhandled_exception
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ab_only_cidr
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int connectretrymaxtitle
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$id: int username
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int blocklocal_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int inline_file_tab
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int vpn_launch_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$drawable: int ic_menu_log
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr: int fileTitle
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int resumevpn
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int restart
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$color: int background_tab_pressed
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_assign_ip
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int apprest_vpnconf
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int keychain_nocacert
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$drawable: int ic_stat_vpn_empty_halo
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int use_logarithmic_scale
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_remote_api_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr: int certificate
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ab_kitkat_mss
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int import_config
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ab_kitkat_reconnect
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int battery_consumption_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsTextSelectedAlpha
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int password
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$dimen: int elevation_high
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int avgmin
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int proxy
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int screenoff_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int service_restarted
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ipv4_address
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int remove_vpn_query
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int select
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int setting_loadtun_summary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int mssfix_invalid_value
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$dimen: int add_button_margin
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int pull_on_summary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int float_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$color: int primary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int volume_byte
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int crtext_requested
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_user_vpn_permission_cancelled
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$plurals: int months_left
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int error_importing_file
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int missing_tlsauth
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int session_ipv4string
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$layout: int api_confirm
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int vpn_type
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ab_lollipop_reinstall_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int port
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int openvpn_log
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int copyright_logo
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int unhandled_exception_context
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int allow_vpn_changes
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int custom_options_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int device_specific
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$color: int switchbar
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int dns_server_info
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int full_licenses
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int pauseVPN
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_vpndialog43
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int duplicate_profile_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int packet_auth
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int apprest_name_desc
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_androids_clients_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int vpn_status
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_connecting
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$id: int as_servername
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int reread_log
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$style: int blinkt
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int netstatus
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$dimen: int elevation_low
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int lastdumpdate
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int vpn_list_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int channel_name_background
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int openssl_error
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int dns
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int copyright_file_dialog
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int custom_config_summary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int client_behaviour
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int copyright_openssl
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int uploaded_data
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int connection_retries
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ab_tethering_44
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int remote_tlscn_check_summary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_system_dialogs
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int pw_query_hint
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ab_lollipop_reinstall
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int show_log_window
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int log_no_last_vpn
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int samsung_broken
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ipdns
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int dns1_summary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int weakmd_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_killswitch_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int tun_open_error
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int no_vpn_profiles_defined
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int app_no_longer_exists
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$array: int vpn_types
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int volume_gbyte
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsTextAllCaps
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int copyright_blinktgui
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_shortcut
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int broken_images_faq
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int minidump_generated
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int duplicate_profile_name
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_tcp_connect
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int channel_name_userreq
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int apprest_ovpn
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int channel_description_status
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int import_configuration_file
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int timestamp_iso
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr: int pstsTabBackground
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int configuration_changed
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr: int pstsTextSelectedStyle
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$color: int primary_dark
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int pull_off_summary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int remote_random
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int dns_override_summary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int timestamp_short
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int sorted_lru
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_android_clients
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int internal_web_view
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_remote_api
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int custom_config_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int disallowed_vpn_apps_info
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_add_routes
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$dimen: int paddingItemsSidebarLog
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int advanced_settings
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int tap_faq2
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int export_config_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int complete_dn
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int useLZO
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int no_remote_defined
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int cancel_connection_query
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int cancel
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int extauth_not_configured
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int mssfix_value_dialog
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsPaddingMiddle
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_system_dialogs_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_noprocess
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int tap_mode
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int no_error_found
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsTabBackground
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int server_list
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int donatePlayStore
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int protocol
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int default_cipherlist_test
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int mbits_per_second
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int reconnection_settings
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int query_permissions_sdcard
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$drawable: int ic_notification
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int custom_route_format_error
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int use_system_proxy_summary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int error_extapp_sign
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int profilename
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int dns_server
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int summary_block_address_families
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int inline_file_data
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ipv6_dialog_tile
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ab_only_cidr_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$array: int crm_values
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$id: int warning
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$drawable: int ic_stat_vpn_offline
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int keychain_access
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_hint
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int request_autologin
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsTabPaddingLeftRight
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int version_upto
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int auth_failed_behaviour
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ab_vpn_reachability_44
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int FileSelectLayout_certificate
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int log_verbosity_level
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int no_allowed_app
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int crl_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int send_minidump
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int crl_file
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int help_translate
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int config_error_found
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int vpn_allowed_apps
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int sort
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int menu_import
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int pushpeerinfo
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int statusline_bytecount
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int custom_option_warning
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_howto_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int show_password
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_routing_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int[] FileSelectLayout
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int encryption
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr: int pstsUnderlineColor
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int crashdump
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_user_vpn_password_cancelled
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsShouldExpand
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$drawable: int ic_menu_play
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int remove_vpn
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int routes_debug
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ab_not_route_to_vpn
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$layout: int userpass
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsScrollOffset
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int auth_pwquery
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int static_keys_info
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int tun_error_helpful
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr: int pstsPaddingMiddle
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ab_proxy_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ip_looks_like_subnet
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int route_not_netip
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$dimen: int switchbar_pad
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int install_keychain
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int settings_auth
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr: int showClear
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int vpn_allow_bypass
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_howto
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int openvpn3_nostatickeys
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int notenoughdata
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int broken_image_cert_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int import_config_error
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$xml: int app_restrictions
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int volume_mbyte
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int remote_tlscn_check_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ipv6_address
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int import_error_message
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int opevpn_copyright
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr: int pstsDividerWidth
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int Search
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ipv4_format_error
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int route_rejected
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr: int pstsShouldExpand
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int client_pkcs12_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int edit_vpn
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int add_profile
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int import_warning_custom_options
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int error_orbot_and_proxy_options
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int apprest_vpnlist
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int keyChainAccessError
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int defaultserver
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int screen_nopersistenttun
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_userpause
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int error
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int apprest_uuid
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int no_external_app_allowed
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int vpn_disallow_radio
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int kbits_per_second
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int connectretrymessage
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int random_host_summary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int openurl_requested
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$style: int blinkt_baseTheme
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int logCleared
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int openssl
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int clear_external_apps
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_copying
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int mobile_info
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$drawable: int ic_quick
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int copyright_bouncycastle
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int send_logfile
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$drawable: int vpn_item_settings
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int novpn_selected
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int no_orbotfound
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int broken_images
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$id: int request_autologin
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int secondary_dns_message
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_nonetwork
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$bool: int supportFileScheme
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int about
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$id: int icon
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr: int pstsTextAllCaps
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int show_log
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int channel_description_background
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int copyright_guicode
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int encryption_cipher
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int openvpn_is_no_free_vpn
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int payload_options
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$dimen: int vpn_setting_padding
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int data_out
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int last_openvpn_tun_config
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr: int pstsScrollOffset
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int defaultvpn
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int setting_loadtun
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ab_persist_tun
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int blocklocal_summary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$id: int prompt
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int remote_no_server_selected
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ab_not_route_to_vpn_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$plurals: int hours_left
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int qs_disconnect
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_waitconnectretry
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int rdn_prefix
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int vpn_tethering_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$array: int tls_directions_entries
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int crash_toast_text
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int yes
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int built_by
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int remotetlsnote
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr: int pstsTabPaddingLeftRight
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int clear_log_on_connect
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int files_missing_hint
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$drawable: int ic_menu_close_clear_cancel
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int warn_no_dns
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int use_default_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int osslspeedtest
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int auth_dialog_message
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int export_config_chooser_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int copied_entry
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int version_info
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int defaultvpnsummary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_killswitch
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_disconnected
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_waitorbot
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int openvpn3_socksproxy
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int FileSelectLayout_fileTitle
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int converted_profile_i
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_auth_failed
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int downloaded_data
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_auth_pending
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int menu_import_short
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int version_and_later
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int query_delete_remote
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int custom_connection_options_warng
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int duplicate_vpn
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_routing
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int cannotparsecert
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int make_selection_inline
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$dimen: int diameter
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int private_key_password
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int address
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int unknown_state
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$color: int dataIn
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int start_vpn_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$color: int gelb
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$array: int auth_retry_type
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int check_remote_tlscert_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int lzo
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int abi_mismatch
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int edit_profile_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int sorted_az
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int hwkeychain
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int send
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ipv4
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr: int pstsDividerColor
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$id: int check
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_security_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int persisttun_summary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int no_vpn_support_image
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int backup_dns
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int add_profile_name_prompt
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int official_build
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int custom_route_message
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int tls_remote_deprecated
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ab_vpn_reachability_44_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int generated_config_summary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_exiting
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int broken_image_cert
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int no_default_vpn_set
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsIndicatorHeight
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int building_configration
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int enter_tlscn_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int[] PagerSlidingTabStrip
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int searchdomain
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int no_data
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int netchange_summary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int send_config
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int bouncy_castle
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int save_password
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_user_vpn_permission
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_tethering
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int rdn
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int keep
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int no_keystore_cert_selected
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int check_remote_tlscert
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int routing
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int obscure
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int speed_waiting
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int error_reading_config_file
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int import_done
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int enter_tlscn_dialog
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$style: int blinkt_dialog
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int vpn_shortcut
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$dimen: int round_button_diameter
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int extracahint
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int client_key_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int cipher_dialog_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int client_no_certificate
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int Use_no_proxy
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int logview_options
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int select_file
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsUnderlineColor
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int vpnbehaviour
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr: int pstsTextSelectedAlpha
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int apprest_uuid_desc
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$dimen: int stdpadding
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int dns_add_error
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int test_algoirhtms
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int apprest_name
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ignore
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int opentun_no_ipaddr
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int tap_faq3
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int samsung_broken_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$dimen: int add_button_margin_topfab
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int tor_orbot
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_user_vpn_password
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int no_bind
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int import_content_resolve_error
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$mipmap: int ic_launcher_round
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int channel_name_status
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int pw_request_dialog_prompt
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int useTLSAuth
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ignore_routes_summary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$drawable: int ic_stat_vpn
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsUnderlineHeight
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ca_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_howto_shortcut
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ab_proxy
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int tls_cipher_alert
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int nobind_summary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int clear
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int message_no_user_edit
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int screenoff_summary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr: int pstsIndicatorColor
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$drawable: int ic_menu_copy_holo_light
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int title_cancel
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int title_block_address_families
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int lzo_copyright
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int configure_the_vpn
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int mssfix_checkbox
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int copying_log_entries
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int vpn_allow_radio
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$drawable: int ic_menu_pause
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int openvpn3_pkcs12
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int routes_info_incl
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int delete
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int notifcation_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int file_dialog
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int onbootrestartsummary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int mtu_invalid_value
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr: int pstsTextStyle
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int no_ca_cert_selected
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsIndicatorColor
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ab_kitkat_reconnect_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int remote_trust
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int connect_timeout
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int onbootrestart
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int routes_info_excl
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr: int pstsUnderlineHeight
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsTextStyle
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int external_authenticator
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int add_new_vpn_hint
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int all_app_prompt
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int jelly_keystore_alphanumeric_bug
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int auth_dialog_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int session_ipv6string
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int last5minutes
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_duplicate_notification_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int cancel_connection_long
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int pushpeerinfosummary
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int faq_tap_mode
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int deprecated_tls_remote
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int copyright_others
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int shortcut_profile_notfound
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsTextSelectedStyle
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int nought_alwayson_warning
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int clear_log
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int cant_read_folder
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int file_nothing_selected
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int copy_of_profile
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int menu_add_profile
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$plurals: int days_left
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ab_secondary_users_title
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int ics_openvpn_log_file
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_resolve
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int generalsettings
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr: int pstsTextAlpha
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int enabled_connection_entry
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int state_reconnecting
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsDividerWidth
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: int reconnect
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$mipmap: int ic_launcher_foreground
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$color: int dataOut
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$dimen: R$dimen()
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$styleable: R$styleable()
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$xml: R$xml()
de.blinkt.openvpn.R: R()
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$bool: R$bool()
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$attr: R$attr()
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$array: R$array()
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$mipmap: R$mipmap()
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$plurals: R$plurals()
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$color: R$color()
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$string: R$string()
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$layout: R$layout()
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$id: R$id()
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$drawable: R$drawable()
de.blinkt.openvpn.R$style: R$style()
